In this course, we covered the key concepts and terminology of Git and GitHub.
Additional concepts and topics are covered in our background bonus section.
After that introduction, we quickly installed Git
and related tools on our computer system.
Both Windows and Mac were covered, and other options may be added later.
For a more complete installation process with step-by-step videos,
see the corresponding bonus section.
Once we had the theory and installation out of the way,
we covered the basic Git operations, which included initializing a project with Git,
and working up to the first commit. We also covered may file operations,
like renaming and deleting files, along with many standard supporting Git commands.
With a strong foundation in place, we ventured into more advanced territory
by comparing differences, branching, merging, and conflict resolution.
We even covered tagging important milestones and saving work in progress,
and even a bit of time travel with the reset command.
I prefer to make sure we have a good understanding of Git well enough before going remote.
In this case, we use the most popular Git hosting service currently available,
and the main topic of this course, GitHub.
We had a comprehensive look at GitHub, including some features often overlooked.
We looked at repositories on GitHub, social coding with forking and pull requests,
GitHub's issue tracing system, sharing code with gists,
and also grouping related repositories together with GitHub organizations.
This is just the beginning of your journey with Git, both within this course and beyond.
First, I want to encourage everyone to participate within the discussions within this course.
Post any questions you might have, and try to help others too.
I provide support for all my courses via discussions,
private messages, open office hours, and other ways.
I will make minor enhancements to this course by posting tips and tricks,
additional lectures, and updating existing ones when needed,
so check back often for updates. Beyond this course,
I do offer several other courses on Git and related topics,
so if you like my style of teaching, please check them out.
Next, there are several great resources available online.
In particular, the Git GCM website at "git-scm.com"
which has some excellent, although sometimes very technical, documentation.